AAAAAAH!
[GROWLING]
UHH.
I'LL BE TAKING THIS...
YOU'RE LUCKY A CARD IS
ALL YOU'RE LOSIN' TONIGHT.
[SHUDDERING]
NEXT TIME PICK ON
SOMEONE YOUR OWN SIZE.
[CHUCKLES]
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX, GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THE FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ LET'S GO, GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Boy: I HEARD HE PICKED OFF
ANOTHER ONE LAST NIGHT!
Second boy: ME TOO!
THEY SAY HE'S HUGE!
THAT HE CAN'T
BE BEAT!
Third boy: I HEARD THAT--
HEY, WHASSUP!
All: HUH?
BLAH.
WOW, IS MY BREATH
REALLY THAT BAD?
LOUSY OBELISKS!
WHISPERING BEHIND OUR BACKS
THEN JUST STRUTTING OFF.
DUH, YOU GUYS!
THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT
THE DUEL GIANT!
DUEL GIANT?
YEAH, SOME
GI-NORMOUS GUY
WHO'S BEEN CHALLENGING
ALL THE OBELISK
BLUE STUDENTS
TO DUELS AND WINNING!
BY THE WAY, THE SCARY
PART IS;
HE ONLY COMES OUT
AT MIDNIGHT!
WAIT...I HAVE HEARD
ABOUT THIS,
HE TAKES THEIR CARDS, TOO!
YEP, HE MAKES THEM
PLAY WITH AN ANTE.
YA KNOW,
WHEN YA PUT UP
YOUR BEST CARD
AND IF YA LOSE
YA HAVE TO
HAND IT OVER?!
ISN'T THAT
ILLEGAL THOUGH?
SURE IS!
WHICH IS WHY HE
DUELS IN DISGUISE!
YA SEE...HE WEARS
ALL THE BLUE BLAZERS
OF ALL THE OBELISKS
HE'S BEATEN!
HMM.
WHAT AN ABSOLUTE NIGHTMARE!
SOME ROGUE DUELIST
ROAMING THE CAMPUS,
MAKING A MOCKERY OF
MY OBELISKS...
MAKING A MOCKERY OF ME!
AND WORSE YET, THIS DUEL GIANT'S
BREAKING CAMPUS LAW
WITH THAT ANTE RULE!
UNDER MY WATCH!
IF CHANCELLOR SHEPPARD
FOUND OUT, I'D GET FIRED!
[GROWLING]
JADEN.
WAIT...OF COURSE!
HE COULD BE THE PERFECT WAY
OUT OF THIS PREDICAMENT!
OH, JADEN, M'BOY!
HE'S BEING NICE.
SOMETHING'S WRONG.
HOW WOULD YOU LIKE
TO HAVE NO HOMEWORK
FOR THE REST
OF THE YEAR? HUH?
NO HOMEWORK?!
Boys: HUH.
YOU AND SYRUS BOTH!
WELL, IF YOU HELP ME,
THAT IS.
SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
ALRIGHT!
WAIT, HELP HIM
DOING WHAT?
NOTHING REALLY.
JUST GOING ON A KIND OF
FIELD TRIP.
[LAUGHS]
I LOVE FIELD TRIPS!
AND I LOVE
GRILLED CHEESES.
BUT SOMETIMES IT
DEPENDS ON WHO'S
SERVING 'EM...
SO TEACH, WHERE'S THIS
FIELD TRIP TAKIN' US?
ALL AROUND CAMPUS-
I NEED YOU
TO DUEL AND ID
THE FELLOW HAVING
THESE ILLEGAL MATCHES.
YOU KNOW THE ONE,
THEY CALL HIM
THE DUEL GIANT,
I BELIEVE?
SURE, THE GUY THAT'S
WHUPPIN' YOUR DORM!
GRR! I...I DON'T
KEEP TRACK OF
SUCH THINGS.
GOOD LUCK, JADEN!
[LAUGHS]
THIS IS PERFECT,
ONCE JADEN REPORTS BACK TO ME
WITH WHOEVER THIS
DUEL GIANT IS,
I'LL HAVE THEM BOTH EXPELLED
FOR ILLEGAL DUELING!
I CAN'T LOSE!
ALRIGHT!
LET'S FIND US THIS
DINO-SIZED DUELIST!
UH, LISTEN JADEN,
IS IT TOO LATE
TO SAY THAT THIS IS
A BAD IDEA?
HUH?
DOESN'T CROWLER
REALLY NOT LIKE YOU?
HE SURE DOESN'T.
BUT HOW COULD I TURN DOWN
NO HOMEWORK, A FIELD TRIP,
AND A BIG DUEL?!
BY SAYING NO!
I MEAN, DO YOU EVEN
KNOW HOW TO SAY "NO"?
YES?
AWW.
AW, MAN.
SO, HOW'RE WE GONNA
FIND THIS GUY?
[MUMBLES]
WAIT, SO WE DON'T
EVEN HAVE A PLAN?!
THIS IS GETTING
WORSE EVERY MINUTE.
THEN I GUESS WE BETTER
HURRY UP AND GET STARTED!
[WHIMPERING]
[GROWLING]
JADEN, IF WE KEEP
TAKING BREAKS
LIKE THIS...
WE'RE NEVER GOING TO
FIND THE DUEL GIANT!
REALLY? GOOD.
COME ON, SY, THIS LOOKS
LIKE A GOOD DUEL!
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL PLAY...UM...
HMMMM...SWEET!
HE'S GOT EARTHQUAKE.
THIS MATCH IS AS GOOD AS OVER!
ALL HE'S GOTTA DO IS
THROW IT DOWN!
COME ON, BRIER!
YOU'VE GOT HIM RIGHT
WHERE YOU WANT HIM!
NOW WIN THIS THING
AND GO HOME!
JUST FORGET EVERYONE
WATCHING YOU.
NOW...SHOULD I
USE EARTHQUAKE
TO SWITCH HIS
MARAUDING CAPTAIN
TO DEFENSE MODE?
OR SHOULD I ATTACK
WITH MY MAD
SWORD BEAST?
GET A MOVE ON!
I'D LIKE TO GET HOME
SOMETIME THIS SCHOOL YEAR!
[WHIMPERING]
WHAT'S THE MATTER
SHORTSTACK?
CAN'T SEE
OVER THE CARDS?!
LOOKS LIKE
THE LITTLE BABY'S
GONNA CRY!
WANNA CALL YOUR MOM?
EENEY...MEENEY...
MINEY-MOE-MAKE A MOVE
YOU'RE GOIN' WAY TOO SLOW!
[GRUNTING] OK...
I GUESS I'M GOING TO
ATTACK WITH,
MY MAD SWORD BEAST.
[SIGHS]
All: WHA?!
I ACTIVATE MY
FACEDOWN CARD!
IT'S CALLED REINFORCEMENTS
AND IT HANDS ME
500 ATTACK POINTS!
AND I THINK
I'LL GIVE THEM TO...
MARAUDING CAPTAIN!
UHHH!
[GROWLING]
AAH!
[GRUNTING]
AND HE WAS SO CLOSE.
Bastion:
A CLASSIC CASE OF
STAGE FRIGHT.
Syrus: HEY, BASTION!
THE BOY HAS
TREMENDOUS SKILL.
BUT HE HASN'T YET
BEEN ABLE TO HANDLE
THE PRESSURE OF
DUELING IN PUBLIC
LIKE THIS.
[GROANING]
I DIDN'T THINK
IT WAS POSSIBLE...
BUT ON HIS KNEES HE'S EVEN
SMALLER THAN HE WAS BEFORE!
[LAUGHTER]
I THINK I NEED
SOME GLASSES
TO SEE HIM!
Second boy: BETTER YET!
A MAGNIFYING GLASS!
Third boy:
TRY A MICROSCOPE!
HUH?
[SQUEAKING]
YEAH, KURIBOH,
I FELT THAT, TOO.
Bastion: SO,
WHAT'S THE CREW
UP TO THESE DAYS?
WE'RE LOOKING FOR
A GIANT!
A GIANT?
YEAH, YOU KNOW,
THE ONE
WHO'S BEEN BEATING
ALL THE OBELISKS?
YES...I'VE HEARD
ABOUT THIS TITAN.
OH.
Jaden: HEY, SPEAKIN' OF...
CHECK IT OUT!
SERIOUSLY!
I MEAN, JUST LOOK AT
THE SIZE OF THAT GUY!
WHO, BEAUREGARD?
PLEASE, HE'S NO
DUEL GIANT!
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT, HE'S GIGANTIC!
[LAUGHS] BUT HE'S
NO DUELIST, SY...
HE'S AT THE ACADEMY
STUDYING TO
DESIGN GAMES,
NOT PLAY THEM.
I KNOW HIM.
HE CAN HARDLY DUEL.
GAMES, HUH?
OH WELL.
[SQUEAKING]
JUST WHAT I WAS
THINKIN', KURIBOH!
[GASP] JADEN?
WAIT UP!
Boy: WELL, LOOKIE
WHAT WE GOT HERE!
SOMEONE'S EXCEEDIN' THIS HALL'S
MAXIMUM WEIGHT LIMIT!
HMM.
HEY! ARE YOU CATCHIN'
MY DRIFT, WIDE LOAD?!
YOU ARE IN MY WAY.
HMM.
COME ON...
[GRUNTING]
[WHIMPERS]
Boy: THAT'S BETTER.
NEXT TIME MAYBE USE
THE FREIGHT ELEVATOR.
[BOYS LAUGHING]
[WHIMPERS]
[GRUNTING]
Jaden: HEY!
HUH?
HOLD UP!
SORRY, BUT I DIDN'T
WANNA WAIT 'TIL MIDNIGHT
TO DUEL YA!
HUH?
AND WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
[GROWLING]
IT MEANS I KNOW
YOU'RE THE DUEL GIANT!
SO LET'S THROW DOWN
RIGHT HERE!
Syrus: JADEN?!
HUH?
UH...
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?!
THERE'S NO SUCH THING
AS THE DUEL GIANT.
COM'ON, BEAUREGARD.
HUH.
NO?
NO.
NO!
HMM.
GREAT.
JADEN, I REALLY DON'T
THINK THAT GUY'S
THE DUEL GIANT!
NO JOKE...
I MEAN, YOU HEARD
WHAT BASTION SAID!
THAT BIG GUY'S
A GAME DESIGNER,
NOT A DUELIST,
IT DOESN'T ADD UP!
NO, IT DOESN'T.
YET...BUT IT WILL...
JADEN, YOU REALLY THINK
THE GIANT'LL SHOW UP TONIGHT?
SHH! NOT IF WE
KEEP BLABBIN'!
LOOK, THERE'S TWO THINGS
I DO WITH MY MOUTH,
TALK OR EAT,
SO EITHER YA GET ME
A GRILLED CHEESE OR--
Boy: AAH!
All: AAH!
THE GIANT!
UHH!
Chumley: AW, NOT RUNNING!
Syrus: WAIT UP!
[PANTING] HUH!
HE TOOK MY BEST CARD...
[PANTING] WHICH WAY
DID HE GO?
[GROANING]
HUH? UHH.
[BOTH PANTING]
Syrus: 'SCUSE ME!
Chumley: COMIN' THROUGH!
HE'S FROM THE ARENA!
[ALL PANTING]
Jaden: HOLD IT!
CAUGHT YA, BIG GUY!
NOT SO QUICK
ON YOUR FEET, HUH?
UH...YOU KNOW
WHAT, JADEN?
[GROWLING]
AAH!
[WHIMPERING]
I DON'T THINK
HE REALLY NEEDS
TO BE...
I MEAN, WHO IN
THEIR RIGHT MIND
CHASES A GIANT?
THE SAME GUY WHO'S
GONNA DUEL HIM!
IT'S TIME TO THROW DOWN!
WHADDYA SAY WE GET THIS
DUEL STARTED, BIG GUY!
[GROWLING]
[SQUEAKING]
HUH? ALRIGHT...
IF YOU SAY SO,
I GUESS THAT
WE'RE IN THIS
TOGETHER NOW, AREN'T WE!
HERE YA GO!
SINCE I KNOW
YOU ONLY DUEL
PLAYING WITH AN ANTE,
I'LL PUT...
THIS CARD UP!
SO BE IT, DUELIST.
AHHH, YEAH!
[GROWLING]
OK! GET YOUR GAME ON!
IF YOU INSIST!
I SUMMON GIANT ORC
IN ATTACK MODE!
[SNARLING]
FIRST MOVE-
FIRST MISTAKE!
SEE, WHEN ORC ATTACKS,
HE SWITCHES TO
DEFENSE MODE.
THAT WOULDN'T BE
A PROBLEM EXCEPT
THAT HE HAS
A GRAND TOTAL OF
ZERO DEFENSE POINTS!
MAKE YOUR MOVE, DUELIST.
WITH PLEASURE! HA!
[SQUEAKING]
WHAT'S THAT?
YA WANNA COME OUT
'N PLAY!
SOUNDS GOOD!
I PLAY WINGED KURIBOH
IN DEFENSE MODE!
[SQUEAKING]
YOUR TURN, BIG GUY.
AND IT WILL BE
ONE TO REMEMBER!
FIRST I DRAW, THEN,
I'LL ATTACK WITH GIANT ORC!
BONE BASHER!
[GROWLING]
[SQUEAKING]
[COUGHING]
I HOPE IT WAS WORTH IT!
CUZ NOW YOUR GIANT ORC'S
BATTLE MODE
CHANGES TO DEFENSE!
NOT THAT HE HAS ANY...
NOT THAT HE NEEDS ANY!
I SUMMON SECOND GOBLIN
IN ATTACK MODE!
WAIT! THAT'S A MONSTER
BUT HE'S PLAYING HIM
AS A SPELL!
Beauregard: THAT'S BECAUSE
ONCE PER TURN
I CAN TREAT HIM
AS A SPELL CARD!
A SPELL CARD
THAT HAS THE POWER
TO SWITCH MY ORC
FROM DEFENSE TO OFFENSE!
[GASP] TO OFFENSE?!
WHAT'S OFFENSIVE
IS HIS FACE!
YEAH, CAN'T YA WRAP
A COUPLE A' BLAZERS
AROUND HIM?
BUT, HEY, IF YOU WON'T
DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT...
WELL, GUESS THAT
I'LL JUST HAVE TO!
WITH THIS!
POLYMERIZATION!
AND I'LL USE IT TO FUSE
ELEMENTAL HERO CLAYMAN
AND BURSTINATRIX!
[SHOUTING]
[ROARING]
NOW ALLOW ME
TO INTRODUCE
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
RAMPART BLASTER!
AND I'LL PUT HER IN
DEFENSE MODE!
BUT THAT DOESN'T MEAN
I CAN'T PLAY HER
SPECIAL ABILITY!
IT BLASTS
YOUR LIFE POINTS
TO THE TUNE OF
HALF 'A RAMPART'S
ATTACK POINTS!
[GROANING]
YUP!
IT'S BEAUREGARD!
I THOUGHT
HE COULDN'T DUEL!
WHAT SHOULD I DO?
YOU CAN STOP THE CHARADE
FOR STARTERS...
HOW ABOUT
THE REAL DUEL GIANT
COMES OUT NOW?
Both: HUH?!
[WHIMPERING]
[GRUNTING]
HUH? SO THEN
IT WAS HIM?!
BUT WHY?!
HOW DID YOU KNOW?
WELL, BACK AT
THE ARENA...
I FELT HOW MAD YOU WERE
AT THOSE OBELISKS!
THEN WHEN I SAW THIS
BIG GUY WAS YOUR FRIEND,
IT STARTED
COMIN' TOGETHER.
BUT...I LOST
THAT DUEL YOU SAW,
WHY WOULD YOU THINK
I COULD BEAT
ALL THOSE OBELISKS?
BECAUSE I HEARD
THAT YOU WERE
A GREAT DUELIST,
ONLY PROBLEM WAS,
YOU HAD STAGE FRIGHT.
WHICH CLEARED UP
WHY THE DUEL GIANT
ONLY CAME OUT
AT NIGHT...
AND USED
A RADIO TRANSMITTER.
ALRIGHT!
WELL, IT'S OVER NOW.
JUST GIVE BACK
THE CARDS AND--
WHADAYA MEAN, OVER?
NOTHING'S OVER!
HUH?
[WHIMPERING]
I WON'T JUST GO HOME
AND BE LITTLE BRIER AGAIN.
EVERYONE MAKES FUN A' ME.
THEY SAY I'M SMALL,
A SHRIMP!
I'M TIRED OF THEM
ALWAYS LAUGHING AT ME!
DON'T YOU SEE?
THAT'S WHY I'D GET NERVOUS,
I COULDN'T CONCENTRATE!
THEN I MET BEAUREGARD.
THEY TEASED HIM TOO,
SO WE DECIDED
TO MAKE A PROMISE:
WE'D GET ALL OF THEM BACK!
RIGHT WHERE
IT HURT THE MOST!
AND WE'LL PLAY
WITH THE ANTE RULE
SO IF THEY LOSE
THEY'LL GIVE US...
THEIR BEST CARD!
BUT WHAT IF
WE GET CAUGHT?
YOU JUST LET ME
WORRY ABOUT ALL THAT.
[GRUMBLING]
OF COURSE.
THAT'S WHY YOU
PUT ON THE COSTUME!
SO YOU WOULDN'T GET CAUGHT
FOR BREAKING THE RULES.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WELL, WHAT NOW,
YOUR SECRET'S OUT?
PRETTY SOON EVERYONE'S
GONNA KNOW WHO YOU ARE,
INCLUDIN' DR. CROWLER!
THAT IS, UNLESS YOU AND I
CONTINUE THIS DUEL!
HUH?
OUT IN THE OPEN! HMM!
[GASP] OUT IN THE OPEN?
WELL, I GUESS YOU'RE NOT
GIVING ME ANY CHOICE!
LET'S DO THIS!
YEAH.
DRAW BEAUREGARD!
[GRUNTING]
Brier: I SUMMON GOBLIN KING
IN ATTACK MODE!
ZERO ATTACK POINTS?
Brier: NOT FOR LONG!
SEE, NOW FOR EACH
WARRIOR MONSTER
THAT I SEND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SUMMON
A HALF GOBLIN!
GO! DEFENSE MODE!
NOW I PLAY GOBLIN KING'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
IT LETS HIM GAIN A THOUSAND
ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS
FOR EVERY FIEND MONSTER
ON THE FIELD
OTHER THAN HIMSELF!
AND I HAVE THREE OF THEM!
[LAUGHING]
WHAT THE-?!
3,000 ATTACK POINTS?!
SO NOT GOOD!
NOW GOBLIN KING...
ATTACK RAMPART BLASTER!
[ROARING]
[GROANING]
NOW GIANT ORC
ATTACK JADEN DIRECTLY!
[GROWLING]
AND IN CASE YOU FORGOT,
YOUR WINGED KURIBOH
IS STILL UP FOR GRABS!
Brier: FACE IT,
YOU'RE GONNA LOSE JADEN!
'SPECIALLY SINCE
MY GOBLIN'S EFFECT
HAS JUST SWITCHED MY ORC
BACK TO ATTACK MODE!
YOUR KURIBOH?
SOON, HE'S GONNA BE
ALL MINE!
WANT HIM?
WELL, THEN YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO EARN HIM!
AND I'M NOT GONNA
MAKE IT EASY FOR YA!
CUZ SMALL GUY OR NOT,
I'M GONNA GIVE YOU
MY VERY BEST!
[SIGHS]
YOU WANNA EXAMPLE?
HERE...THIS SHOULD
DO NICELY!
I PLAY THE SPELL POT
OF GREED!
IT LETS ME DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS!
AND NEXT I'LL SUMMON
THE ELEMENTAL HERO
SPARKMAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROWLING]
AND AS IF SPARKMAN
DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH ZAP AS IT IS...
I EQUIP HIM WITH
SPARK BLASTER!
IF YA' DON'T KNOW
HOW IT WORKS
LEMME TELL YA':
I GOT THREE SHOTS,
EACH CHANGES
THE BATTLE MODE
OF A MONSTER!
[BOTH SNARLING]
[ROARING]
OH NO!
OH YES!
NOW I PLAY THE WARRIOR
RETURNING ALIVE!
THIS ALLOWS ME
TO BRING BACK A WARRIOR
FROM THE GRAVEYARD
AND I CHOOSE CLAYMAN!
WAIT! THERE'S MORE!
NEXT I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION
AND COMBINE CLAYMAN
AND SPARKMAN
TO CREATE...
ELEMENTAL HERO
THUNDER GIANT!
AND HE'S A REAL GIANT!
CUZ WHEN I USE
HIS SPECIAL ABILITY...
HE CAN BRUISE UP
ANY MONSTER THAT'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS
ARE LOWER THAN HIS OWN!
LIKE YOUR GIANT ORC
FOR EXAMPLE,
BUT THAT'S
JUST THE START!
I STILL HAVE
HIS NORMAL ATTACK!
AND I'M GONNA USE IT
ON THE HALF GOBLIN!
[WHIMPERING]
SO WHAT?!
I STILL HAVE
LIFE POINTS LEFT!
WELL, NOT AFTER THIS
YOU WON'T!
I ACTIVATE DEFUSION!
IT SPLITS MY MONSTER
INTO TWO AGAIN.
AND GUESS WHAT?!
THAT MEANS TWO MORE
ATTACKS ON YOU!
CLAYMAN'S...
[GROWLING]
[GROANING]
AND NOW IT'S
SPARKMAN'S TURN!
ATTACK GOBLIN KING!
[GROANING]
HEY YOU DID IT, JADEN!
NOW JADEN
THE GIANT-SLAYER!
THEY BEAT US.
WE'RE THROUGH...
NO, NOT WE.
PLEASE. JUST TURN ME IN,
FORGET BRIER.
HMM? BEAUREGARD...
I'VE ALWAYS BEEN ALONE,
AND I'M NOT GONNA LET THEM
EXPEL YOU FOR SHOWING ME...
WHAT IT MEANS
TO HAVE A FRIEND.
AFTER ALL,
DIDN'T WE ALWAYS PROMISE
TO STAND UP FOR EACH OTHER?
YOU'RE THE BEST DUELIST
I'VE EVER SEEN.
I WON'T LET THEM
KICK YOU OUTTA HERE.
WHAT ABOUT YOU?!
YOUR DREAM OF BEING
A GAME DESIGNER?
NOT ALL DREAMS COME TRUE...
BEAUREGARD...
HOLD EVERYTHING!
Beauregard: HMM?
I'M NOT TURNING
EITHER OF YOU TWO IN!
I KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE...
TO BE MADE FUN OF?
EVERYONE GETS A DOSE
A' THAT SOMETIMES.
WE'RE COOL.
WHA-?!
I ONLY SAID
I'D TURN YOU IN...
SO THAT YOU'D COME OUT!
YA KNOW, DUEL ME
IN THE OPEN.
AND REALIZE THAT YOU COULD!
IT WAS A CLOSE DUEL, BRIER!
YOU SHOULD BE PROUD!
YA KNOW, JADEN,
I GUESS YOU'RE RIGHT.
I DID PLAY WELL,
IN FRONT OF PEOPLE, TOO!
MAYBE I CAN DO IT AGAIN.
OF COURSE YOU CAN.
I JUST HOPE
IT'S NOT AGAINST ME!
[GIGGLES]
Jaden: NOW GET
OUTTA HERE.
BEFORE DR. CROWLER
CATCHES YOU!
Brier: THANKS, JADEN!
WE'LL MAKE GOOD!
HEY! WAIT UP!
OF COURSE,
THERE'S A PROBLEM.
HUH?
BECAUSE WE
LET HIM GO,
WE'RE GONNA
HAVE TO START DOING
HOMEWORK AGAIN...
INCLUDING ALL
THE STUFF
WE'VE MISSED
WHILE LOOKING FOR
THIS GUY...
SO LET ME GET THIS STRAIGHT,
YOU FOUND THE DUEL GIANT,
BEAT HIM...
AND THEN HE WAS ABLE TO ESCAPE?!
YEP, THAT'S WHAT
HAPPENED, TEACH.
LAST I SAW,
HE WAS HEADED UP
A BEANSTALK
OR SOMETHING.
AND YOU'RE SAYING
YOU DIDN'T DUEL
USING THE ILLEGAL
ANTE RULE
BUT ALL THE OTHER
OBELISKS DID?
DID THEY?
I HEARD
THEY ALL JUST
KINDA LOST
THEIR CARDS.
TEMPORARILY.
Boy: YEAH, I FOUND
MY RARE CARD
THIS MORNING, TOO!
Second boy: DUDE,
IT JUST TURNED UP
IN MY DECK!
All talking: MY BABY IS BACK!
NOW I CAN SLEEP AGAIN!
I MISSED IT SO MUCH!
SO FIRST YOU FIND
THE DUEL GIANT,
THEN HE ESCAPES.
FIRST ALL THOSE CARDS WERE LOST,
NOW THEY'RE FOUND...
FIRST I HAD NO
HOMEWORK AND NOW...
Crowler: KEEP WRITING!